you've  been followin the channel for years used to always start my videos but either saying i just got back from them
or  i'm just about to leave
video  is unusual
in  cock
so  hot
i  went down stairs and lifted waits for like twenty
to  step back and the air conditioning to peak and i think on to go back then and work out again i could
do  that to you for an
i'm  highly motive
the  video this idea in fact is inspired by a conversation i had
with
pol  what text
j  j macaulay will give you a link to his channel most of my viewers
will  hate his channel probably most of his superlatively channel but i like his channels
my  channel so it's cool
each  other to take on some other topics and other angles we might not have
and  i was kind of challenging
make  a video in
discuss  reflect
what  if
a  boat
let  me get in the left
politeness
you  like about the
politics  in
i  know in a your younger viewer
really  shallow and that the
to  be years old you get to be four years old and you can really calling
really  ask yourself wait
it  respond
some  of what's going on as
irrational
what  is it i dislike about this political person
the  only engage in self analysis so criticism interest
watching
the  process of your thoughts and assumptions now you came to those shoreham to those
liquorpond  a challenge yourself on such a
i  i mean i do the exact opposite and wonder if like the little bit
one  is a fundamentally dislike
about  conservatives to do not the right wing not the friends not
what  it is i dislike about conservatives and you know i'm going to keep it although real
this  is a little bit territorial
what  i really dislike what i really dislike about conserva
his  honouring
i  mean it
with  me the undivided people you can see poor
there  was a
his  celebrity
appeared  on
how  love and his
her  name was portia i
primarily  see musterbin a good looking woman
they  indirectly linked to the world of pious
reporting  artists caricter she appeared on t v a lot for a cup
and  here we
dug  up and
copies  of recording
giving  lectures in
servate  la
atlanta  georgia
to  that
so  warm
so  courage
so  appreciative
the  most famed in
to  win
image
okay
trouble  to pronounce words
words  in a way were made it obvious she didn't know what they
you  know
santonio
moral  generalization
a  quotation of scripture
understand
she  standing there leaning out to what is more you is
telitha  is the conservative audience
sitting  there in the hot
encouraging
what  i have spoken curative
scores
there's  supporting
school  basketball
it  doesn't matter if their talented
matters  that you encourage them to play the best game they can that they can do
no  long the singer her good to ye you go out and get it
now
attitude  toward politician will williams porcellian
a  church giving the
he  audience i've never heard in my life from letting people from liberals
democrats
never  audience there and they're not just clapping in a plate you hear
o  you didn't like they're not just your other you know she put
as  audience
this  word me what's the meaning of this word you
and  the words i don't know you tell us the totonac and for
it  so let it so often it's solacing
and  produce
all  believable egomania
well  we made our girl well you stopped on the
way
a  late people are even legitimately conservatives
just  get hooked on the positive
people  who were to love will
ask  your old
he  political resident
my  example we showed
she  was not even concerned
shepherd  was put calefacient she was a liberal she was a socialist
he  was a female was on the far left she had her moment of fame
because  she can jordan
giving  a lecture diversity
administrators  were awful to her
complained  about it in granpere up and the
new  government as
he  too
a  loan
after  another to the warm uncritical loving glow
of  a conservative
would  she is not even conservative who messages
and  she had no talent
he  can't paleontologist having a jocose
will  get out
well  giving a start but
with  a goelette decent or frighten find most of the
first  choice for a
she  liked no passionate impolitic she's not trying to make
the  lorette place it on sheets after another for
santonio  mediocrity
why  she should not agree or why she should be a fatal law
where  are you to these came
no  a conservative audience will lap up and to love
positive  researches that is mine own
again  if i come you on you tub and i take a message to a left
wing  began audience about how activism can be more effective or
bout  how is specific activity
has  been lying to you about the finances and the ethics of what they're doing and its incisive and its
well  research and it's hard in
in  it with the most skeptical response but
that's  what earliest the main stream left is
for  last not the
ideological
but  the mere left
not  grow up in a church
cap  and support people
so  when they play the guitar even if they play the piano the truth basement is awful even if
they  sing the him
and  it's at a tone it's all wrong you go in you show the love his that's your job in that church may they
did  not grow up going to high school basketball games and supporting the team whether they're right or
wrong  and the whole conservative mentality is i support
you  right or wrong
in  its loving and its encouraging and it's accepting and i hate
awful  and you know what the result is
the  result is leinster
he  has ratiocinative or of the last
five  years
he  went to
to  be
she  has no talent she had no mandate she's
not  even that good looking she's not laupahoehoe watch
any  watusi anyone better looking the lord other probably women are
so  marines
what's  wrong with conservatism that's why i put sally he conservatives
you  your loving your encouraging and the result is what any
after  another including george i bush himself who get all the way up
to  middle age thinking they can do no wrong